Add OKD page (#111)
ClouDesire/docusaurus: docs/modules-okd.md

---
id: modules-okd
title: Selling and provisioning of OKD projects

> sidebar_label: OKD projects itnegration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sidebar_label: OKD projects integration
```

---

Cloudesire platform enables selling of OKD projects via a native API
integration.

A special product on the marketplace is available for purchase that

> automatically provision on OKD a new user with a dedicated project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
automatically provisions a new user with a dedicated project on OKD.
```

> To achieve this, administrator credentials of an OKD platform is necessary to
> be able to dynamically create new users and projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To achieve this, it is necessary to provide administrator credentials of an
OKD platform in order to dynamically create new users and projects.
```
